David Hasselhoff – Hooked on a Feelin’
Published on February 12, 2006.
While browsing my earlier posts, I came across this one that linked to David Hasselhoff’s masterpiece of a music video, Hooked on a Feelin’.
Unfortunately, for some reason David has taken the video off of his website.
Perhaps he wanted to protect his career?
Anyway, I found the video on YouTube, and after all these years, it’s still a great watch:
https://www.youtube.com/watch? v=PJQVlVHsFF8
My favorite parts:
David flying out of a dinner party and into the African Savanna
David hopping up and down with Africans
Stupid CG tricks involving a 3D cube
David flapping his arms and flying with a bunch of birds
David looking at the side of the boat repeatedly, checking for assassins
David standing on a motorcycle, and then realizing he doesn’t need one, BECAUSE HE CAN FLY!
Savanna David singing a duet with flying David
Eskimo snowboarding David catching a fish and biting into it
Crazy dance immediately following the fish catch
There’s also bad lip syncing everywhere and some strange puppet thing makes an appearance a few times.
Hooked on a Feelin’ has got to be one of my favorite music videos ever.
I’m glad that I can once again bring this video to you, my loyal reader(s?).